[Music]
and now it's time for pike the gamers
top five moments of the week coming in
at number five in the GTA version of
Angry Birds players spawn into stunt
planes and try to take out the other
teams members kamikaze style which is
exactly what I did with this
picture-perfect kill on one of the team
of Tiffany's teammates but Ryan was able
to get his revenge in our number four
moment in rockets versus Jets he was
able to pull a fast one on height
earning his place on the list and ammu
Pike never saw coming
good one lion now just wait until height
gets his revenge
at number three the world was introduced
to fat girl on a bike this week on hike
plays which featured a number of
impressive crashes but this particular
one was special in that it also took out
some of the local wildlife
at number two bearing the end of their
GTA race at Fort Zancudo Pike stops for
typical gamer who did this
just park backs me
should I do it you said but then he
foolishly decided to wait for hike who
got TG right back let's see it let's get
happen all right before the number one
moment of the week here's the epic fail
of the week
featuring hike forgetting that stunt
planes don't have ejection seats and
finally at number one hike makes one
hell of a shot to win this round of
deathrun that's it for this week don't
forget to keep letting us know in the
comments of every video where your
favorite moments were along with the
timecode and hashtag top 5 for a chance
to have your comments shown in the
episode and until next week remember
[Music]